Production-ready content for MSAL Go (#1)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go: msal-go/index.md

---
title: Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Go
description: "An introduction to using Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Go."
---

# Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Go

>[!NOTE]

> > icrosoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Go is a new addition to the MSAL family of libraries. It has been made available in production-ready preview to gauge customer interest and to gather feedback from the community. We welcome all contributors (see [contribution guidelines in the library repository](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.md)) to help us improve the library.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for Go is a new addition to the MSAL family of libraries. It has been made available in production-ready preview to gauge customer interest and to gather feedback from the community. We welcome all contributors (see [contribution guidelines in the library repository](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.md)) to help us improve the library.
```

    ```go
    publicClientApp, err := public.New("client_id", public.WithAuthority("https://login.microsoftonline.com/Enter_The_Tenant_Name_Here"))
    ```

   - Initializing a confidential client:

    ```go
    // Initializing the client credential
    cred, err := confidential.NewCredFromSecret("client_secret")
    if err != nil {
        return nil, fmt.Errorf("could not create a cred from a secret: %w", err)
    }
    confidentialClientApp, err := confidential.New("client_id", cred, confidential.WithAuthority("https://login.microsoftonline.com/Enter_The_Tenant_Name_Here"))
    ```

1. MSAL comes packaged with an in-memory cache. Utilizing the cache is optional, but we would highly recommend it.

    ```go
    var userAccount public.Account
    accounts := publicClientApp.Accounts()
    if len(accounts) > 0 {
        // Assuming the user wanted the first account
        userAccount = accounts[0]
        // found a cached account, now see if an applicable token has been cached
        result, err := publicClientApp.AcquireTokenSilent(context.Background(), []string{"your_scope"}, public.WithSilentAccount(userAccount))
        accessToken := result.AccessToken
    }
    ```

> 1. If there is no suitable token in the cache, or you choose to skip this step, now we can send a request to AAD to obtain a token.

Reviewer 2: If there's no suitable token in the cache, or you choose to skip this step, send a request to Azure AD to obtain a token. There are different methods to acquire a token based on your application type and scenario. Here, we demonstrate a placeholder flow.

    ```go

>     result, err := publicClientApp.AcquireToken"ByOneofTheActualMethods"([]string{"your_scope"}, ...(other parameters depending on the function))

Reviewer 3: Many of the wording from this document sound very familiar to me. :-)

Half joking aside, this particular line is not currently syntactically valid. Was that intentional? Do you consider write it like below?
```suggestion
    result, err := publicClientApp.AcquireTokenByOneofTheActualMethods([]string{"your_scope"}, ...(other parameters depending on the function))
```

    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    accessToken := result.AccessToken
    ```

> You can view the [dev apps](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/tree/dev/apps/tests/devapps) on how to use MSAL Go with various application types in various scenarios. For more detailed information, please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/wiki).

Reviewer 2: You can view the [developer sample apps](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/tree/dev/apps/tests/devapps) on how to use MSAL Go with various application types in different scenarios.

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend doing away with this pointer to the wiki

## Releases

For a full list of library releases, refer to the [Releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/releases) section in the library source code repository.

## Community help and support

> We use [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-ad-msal) to work with the community on supporting Azure Active Directory and its SDKs, including this one! We highly recommend you ask your questions on Stack Overflow. You can also browse existing questions to see if someone has encountered the problem before. Please use the `azure-ad-msal` tag when asking your questions.

Reviewer 4: Do we really monitor Stack Overflow?

Reviewer 3: I believe there are some support engineers from Microsoft monitoring StackOverflow. Not sure who and how often. MSAL team here historically does not monitor StackOverflow. That being said, occasionally when I receive 1:1 questions on Teams, and if the question is generic, I suggest the question asker to post their question on StackOverflow, and paste me the link if it got unanswered after a day or two.

TL;DR. I would still suggest keep this StackOverflow paragraph.

Author: I am monitoring Stack Overflow @bgavrilMS @rayluo 😄

If you find a bug or have a feature request, please open a new issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/issues) section.

## Submit feedback

If you have any library feedback, make sure to submit your feature requests and bug reports [on GitHub](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-go/issues).

## Security library

> This library controls how users sign-in and access services. We recommend you always take the latest version of our library in your app when possible. We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org) so you can control the risk associated with updating your app. As an example, always downloading the latest minor version number (e.g. x.*y*.x) ensures you get the latest security and feature enhancements but our API surface remains the same. You can always see the latest version and release notes under the Releases tab of GitHub.

Reviewer 2: This library controls how users sign-in and access services. We recommend using the latest version of our library in your app when possible. We use [semantic versioning](http://semver.org) so you can control the risk associated with updating your app. As an example, always downloading the latest minor version number (e.g. x.*y*.x) ensures you get the latest security and feature enhancements but our API surface remains the same. You can always see the latest version and release notes under the Releases tab of GitHub.
